this is a temporary new foam aesthetic
you like is a white wrap you know I like
my white with a new pop socket pop color
yeah it is a very very cold day but I am
headed to Brooklyn my friend India has
an art show over there and I want to go
hang out with him and check out her art
and there's going to be a lot of cool
stuff going on so let's go
[Music]
you
the l-train has shut down where I
normally go to so I walk all the way to
Union Square just to grab out where to
go to Brooklyn
[Music]
Craig is using a GoPro to vlog
what is then and look ma what have you
been up to
snapchat we need I'm Tanya this is a
snapchat queen she is nominated for all
the awards and not only is the blogger
squad not a generic today and Sam's one
of an audience on it for best map
chatter of the year yo pretty crazy
yeah about it so I was going to turn out
and you just got a nice by 8 7 s or ASMR
each other than okay yeah and you
actually told me you guided me to - yep
I convert all of my friends to Sony the
Sony life
I got abandoned oh my gosh Michael okay
this is your first time being a vlog it
might be my first I'm gonna be like oh
yeah
even the Superbowl number comes like low
wheezy
good show it I don't know if I can put
that in there I'm a Dallas Cowboys
person sorry I we prefer battalion
that's true at least it's not realize I
don't know you might lose subscribers
yeah where are we going
[Music]
yeah well and yes do you have anything
to say thank you for coming
well one thing for having me BIGBANG
she's going to be involved in a cool
event that we're throwing different oh
yes yes yes yes getting cut do so I get
a tattoo good cool and yes I get it
and way to the platform and back in
manehattan land I know I say this a lot
but I generally genuinely love the city
so much love all the people in it it was
a very very cold day um right now I am
low-key very overwhelmed like very so
not low-key like Heike overwhelmed I've
been trying to go on to move this the
past few weeks but I farm logo behind on
editing and just doing the things that I
have to do like email and stuff like
that and I'm about to go out of town
again but it's or something that's going
to be so so so so much fun this is that
called epic current store and buying the
brand dance penny and it's we're just
like a bunch of creative go up into the
mountains and ski and snowboard and talk
about their ups and downs in the
creative process
and it's gone be sick and so my homie
John Hill and Timmy Han and me and some
other amazingly talented humans are
going to be feature creators there and
I'm excited because I'm going to bring
you some Jackson Hole Wyoming skiing
snowboarding guys but it has seemed to
creep up creep up on me of and so I have
to finish like five different videos and
span of a day and a half and I'm just a
lot of other things so but I'm really
excited to start editing the believes
video I went to Belize a few weeks ago
and I'm putting together a really cool
video for that and I'm actually
genuinely excited to sit down and just
edit edit edit edit but right now it's
time for laundry so happy Sunday sweat
day all day all day so I got some
editing done last time which is good
it took me three to four probit for
closer to four four hours to figure out
just the music like that I'm going to
use for the Blues video these types of
videos and like heavier edits take a
little bit longer than a vlog just
because there's more things to think
about in terms of I am compressing like
seven days of footage into a four to
five minute video 45 minutes you say
four to five minutes that you root five
songs watching and album maybe like the
all-time best album telling you people
who judge were inside just on the
singles that they release of course it's
like poppy and super mainstream and
they're great but every single album
that marine scientist put out every
single song has been fired and song
about Jane fight me fight me on it
something crazy that has now happened
several times in the city but I honestly
just don't know how to explain yes sir
and walking to the subway station at
Union Square and I'm like continuously
people watching actually is the best
funny to people watch so I'm constantly
like meeting eyes with people when I'm
walking past them and I saw this dude
that was on a panel that I went to like
a week ago
he's like a school fashion designer guy
and so I heard him speak at this event a
couple weeks ago and I'm just randomly
on the streets I just like passed him
and met eyes with them and I was like I
saw you last week like I know who you
are and there's like thousands and
thousands of people just walking the
streets of New York within a couple
blocks and like I met eyes with you then
it happened so many times I'll see
someone on the subway who is just kind
of ridiculous or something and something
about him makes me remember its face and
who he is and in like two days later
I'll see him walking on the streets of
New York on the completely other side of
Manhattan I mean it's like crazy I'm not
crazy
like that's crazy out of the millions
and billions of people in the city I'm
constantly just running into people who
I've seen before just on the street
New York it's crazy so I hope your week
is off to a fabulous
so I realist start I want to talk about
something that I get I get this question
so much just not only like for my
friends or family people but from you
guys on the interwebs and what camera
should I buy like it's a very general
question but it's it's a question that a
lot of people have so I want to talk a
little bit about my camp like my
blogging camera set and so this is the
setup that I use pretty much almost
every day to capture everyday stuff but
then I also use this gear for fancier
videos and other types of content as
well I would be talking about only like
Sony cameras just because I use only so
Nina but the two the two main camera
companies that I would investigate are
Sony in canvas as you can but the spec
from Sony cameras just hit hit where I
need them more and so yeah let's get
into meseta my go-to everyday camera is
the Sony rx100 5 I am the big fan of
this rx100 line they are on the pricier
side of point shoots when I say point
and shoots I just mean these smaller
cameras that you can kind of like fit
into your pocket or purse very easily
they're this size they also have a
flippable screen so you can you look
like that and you can see yourself while
you are filming the cool thing you have
to put your camera on the end of a Joby
Gorillapod it's basically its tripod
Xindi type thing and to use it as you
know more extension to get that right
angle up but a lot of times I just use
the strap that is on like when shoot it
is a Sony leather case that has a strap
attachment really works for me because I
just shuffle on my arm and I can capture
whatever I need whenever I can and so I
I do hold the camera out like this much
more than I do on the Joby Gorillapod
but I do have the plate at the bottom of
my case at all times so it's super easy
to just slide it into my Joby Gorillapod
other than my rx100 the only really too
I use in my vlogs are my Gigi I'm Alec
and that is my drone to get those dope
grown shots and an off of my iPhone I
have a I phone seven plus s plus IV I
come seven plus and you know it gets the
shots whenever I don't want to bring out
my camera or something like that or I
don't have it on me my iPhone comes in
very close but that's why I love you
small form-factor of an arch 100 cuz
that's tiny look at that like you're
going to bring this everywhere if you
tote around a bigger camera they
interchange what lenses and stuff it's a
little bit more of a hassle so you're
probably going to capture life
I use a Sandesh Extreme Pro SD cards and
95 megabits per second I have never run
into issues with those did you all learn
more about these arcs and hundred
Quentin shoots but I use all the time I
have done several videos on them so you
can check them out in the description
below and I also will link every single
piece of gear down below so you can do
your own research and figure out what
camera is right for you so just because
this is what I use logging doesn't mean
it's necessarily right for you so some
different options in the camera space in
the Sony space are two different cameras
that are kind of different similar so
you have the a6000 line so there's like
the a6000 a 6300 and so these are Sony
cameras they're mirrorless cameras but
they have actual interchangeable lenses
so there are 100 there you know you
can't take off the lens it's just it's
this and that's why it stays so small
and it's less of a hassle but the Asics
on a 6 mm a 6300 Sony line you can
actually remove the lenses and put on
different focal lengths and it has a
microphone jack all the audio that you
hear this is I'm actually recording with
a Sony rx100 spy right now so the audio
you hear right now is from directly at
the camera I don't have an external mic
plugged in what the other sideline the
6,000 line you can actually plug in an
external mic and probably get better
audio and also interchangeable lenses so
the way I look at it it's kind of like
rx100 a6000 and then
pop you have the a7 s and a7 are those
are more comparable to a canon 5d or a
cane and 70 those types of cameras but
these sony cameras are mirrorless which
means it's going to have a smaller form
factor than a Canon 7d or something like
that so they are smaller but you can
also choose from a wide range of amazing
beautiful glass and Sonia I think that's
one thing that can and does still have
on Sony is the lenses Canon glass is
just beautiful they've been around for
so long but Sony is putting out some
really great gloss expecially from Zeiss
and so the site a 7s and a centaur are
kind of more of that like bigger step
beautiful image you can do a lot more
with them but they are going to be like
$3,000 I think ace and s2 is going to
like 2,600 2,700 right now but yeah it's
all for what you want to do but to start
out and this is why I'm making this
videos for you people who are starting
out doing a lot camera to turn to I
would honestly just start shooting with
your iPhone start shooting with our cell
phone get into editing that's how I
started in the beginning was I just
edited a ton of stuff I really didn't
get into filming until
like honestly I went to college like
four four years ago so she wants what
you got right now get familiar is
editing of maybe take up step up with a
Sony punchy like an arts 100 or the
a6000 line and if I don't know if you're
rolling in the dough you just want to go
big or go home go for the eight 7s or
eight seven rather beautiful beautiful
camera so let me know if you have any
questions down on the comment section
below I'll try to answer them for you
but I just wanted to make this so you
know if anyone ever has a question of
what cameras they should buy to point
them to this video and all the links
will be in the description below as we
had been talking very fast I had a lot
of coffee this morning really hung with
me until the end of this video hit that
like button and subscribe button if you
have not yet and I will see you in the
next one stay peachy guys okay by me in
the past I would try to get my uploads
up at 8 a.m. Eastern Standard Time but
I'm trying something new please don't
get mad
at me but I'm going to try to post at
8:00 p.m. eastern singer time now so 8
p.m. during the night I'm just going to
try it for this week because there are
some changes coming up and then next
month and so I want to make sure to get
your feedback if it's okay with you if
you are overseas and 8 p.m. Eastern
Standard Time
u.s. time is too late just think of it
like I'm still posting 8 a.m. Eastern
Standard Time
but now on Tuesdays Thursdays and
Saturdays instead of Monday Wednesday
and Friday but yeah so I'm just going to
try this for this week you can let me
know what you think but I think it's
going to be better for me personally and
then also for the things that are coming
up I think it'll make sense but yeah so
thanks watching bye